Create script for adding multiple users at once to an Org or Workspace (#1951)
astronomer/docs: astro/add-user.md

4. Optional. Edit the user's name and role. See [User permissions](user-permissions.md).
   
5. If you've updated the user's role, click **Update member**. To delete the user, click **Remove member**.

## Add a group of users to Astro using the Astro CLI

> You can use the Astro CLI and a shell script to add multiple users to an Organization or Workspace. Because the shell script reads from a text file, you can automate user management by generating the text file and running the shell script for each new batch of users that need to be assigned to an Organization or Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Astro CLI to add multiple users to an Organization or Workspace on Astro at one time. The shell script reads from a text file that your team creates and that contains user information. To automate adding users to Astro, generate the text file for each new batch of users that need to assigned to an Organization or Workspace and run the script with the Astro CLI.
```

Moved around some wording to make the process steps sound more logical?

> You can use the Astro CLI and shell scripting to add multiple users at once to an Organization or Workspace. Because the shell script reads from a text file, you can automate this process by generating the text file and running the shell script for each new batch of users that need to be assigned to an Organization or Workspace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the Astro CLI and a shell script to add multiple users to an Organization or Workspace. Because the shell script reads from a text file, you can automate this process by generating the text file and running the shell script for each new batch of users that need to be assigned to an Organization or Workspace.
```
Why is this useful? Why should users care? How does it make life easier or better? A value statement would be helpful here.

> 1. Create a file called `users.txt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a text file named `users.txt`.
```
Is there a recommended directory or other location for this file?

Author: It can be anywhere really, no relation to your Astro project

> 2. Add list of email addresses for users that you want to add to a given Organization or Workspace. Each email address should be followed by the desired role for the user. For example, the list to add users to a Workspace might look like the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add a list of user email addresses that you want to add to an Organization or Workspace. Every email address should include the user's assigned role. The following is an example of how a list that adds users to a Workspace might appear:
```

    ```sh

>     user1@astronomer.io WORKSPACE_VIEWER

Author: ```suggestion
    user1@astronomer.io WORKSPACE_MEMBER
```

    user2@astronomer.io WORKSPACE_OWNER
    user3@astronomer.io WORKSPACE_ADMIN
    user4@astronomer.io WORKSPACE_OWNER
    ```

> 3. Create a file called `add-users.sh` and add the following script to it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a file named `add-users.sh` and then add the following script to it:
```

    ```sh
    #!/bin/bash

    # Check if a file was provided as an argument
    if [ $# -ne 1 ]; then
        echo "Usage: $0 <file>"
        exit 1
    fi
    

>     # Read each line in the file and invite the user. 

Reviewer: Couple questions:
- Does this file have to be in your Astro project? We should specify if not!
- Do you have to be authenticated to Astro when you run this in the Astro CLI? How does it know what Organization or Workspace to add the user to?

Author: None of the files need to be in an Astro project, and I don't think we should specify that. Mentioning the Astro project might just get people paranoid that there _is_ something related to the Astro project in this setup. 

The script (or rather the CLI) uses your current user context to decide where to add the users.

Author: Also for context: this is just creating the script, so whether you log in or not shouldn't matter at this stage

    # Replace 'workspace' with 'organization' if you're inviting users to an Organization.
    while read line; do
        email=$(echo "$line" | cut -d' ' -f1)
        role=$(echo "$line" | cut -d' ' -f2)
        echo "Inviting $email as $role..."
        astro workspace user add "$email" --role "$role"
    done < "$1"
    ```

    Replace the Astro CLI command with `astro organization user invite "$email" --role "$role"` if you're inviting a group of users to an Organization.

> 4. Ensure that you're authenticated to the Astro CLI using `astro login`, then ensure that you are in the correct Workspace and Organization using `astro workspace list` and `astro organization list`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Log in to the Astro CLI using `astro login`, and then run `astro workspace list` or `astro organization list` to ensure that you are in the same Workspace or Organization where you are adding users.
```

> 4. Log in to the Astro CLI using `astro login`, and then run `astro workspace list` or `astro organization list` to ensure that you're in the same Workspace or Organization where you want to add the users.

Reviewer: Hm this feels weird -- shouldn't you just auth beforehand? and then make this the last step to confirm that the users were added as expected

Author: I don't think it matters which order you do 3 or 4 in. I prefer that users prep the files first so that they don't have to jump between terminals and files.

> 4. Log in to the Astro CLI using `astro login`, and then run `astro workspace list` or `astro organization list` to ensure that you're in the same Workspace or Organization where you want to add the users.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Log in to the Astro CLI using `astro login`, and then run `astro workspace list` or `astro organization list` to ensure that you're in the same Workspace or Organization where you want to add the users. If you're not in the right context, run `astro organization switch` or `astro workspace switch`.
```
